Reorganize Fleet documentation (#12871)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Get started/why-fleet.md

## Contributing 
The landscape of cybersecurity and IT is too complex.  Let's open it up.

Contributions are welcome, whether you answer questions on [Slack](#chat) / [GitHub](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues) / [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/search?q=osquery) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/company/fleetdm) / [Twitter](https://twitter.com/fleetctl), improve the documentation or [website](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/tree/main/website), write a tutorial, give a talk at a conference or local meetup, give an [interview on a podcast](https://fleetdm.com/podcasts), troubleshoot reported issues, or [submit a patch](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/docs/Contributing/Committing-Changes.md).  The Fleet code of conduct is [on GitHub](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

<!-- - Great contributions are motivated by real-world use cases or learning.
- Some of the most valuable contributions might not touch any code at all.
- Small, iterative, simple (boring) changes are the easiest to merge. -->

## What's next?

> To see what Fleet can do, head over to [fleetdm.com](https://fleetdm.com) and try it out for yourself, grab time with one of the maintainers to discuss, or visit the docs and roll it out to your organization.

Reviewer: This part could use some edits since it's originally from the README; feels a little weird to reference visiting the site & reading documentation when you're already there. Maybe:
```suggestion
Try out Fleet for yourself to see what it can do, grab time with one of the maintainers to discuss, or explore the rest of the docs and roll it out to your organization.
```
